=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Subroutine::Runner - Module to run subroutines in a defined order

=head1 VERSION

Newest release version 0.7

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Module that enables you to run marked subroutines in a defined order form index 1 onwards.
Every subroutine marked with " : RUNNER($index)" is included, all the subroutines run with the exported command "run".

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Define Subroutine with attribute "RUNNER" and argument index. The subs will be run in order specified by the index:

    sub func_a : RUNNER(2) {return "You called func_a !"};
    sub func_b : RUNNER(1) {return "You called func_b !"};
    sub func_c : RUNNER(3) {return "You called func_c !"};
	
    $output = run;
    print $output;

Will generate the output:

    You called func_b !
    You called func_a !
    You called func_c !


=head1 USAGE

=head2 General Information

For general information read SYNOPSIS.

=head2 List of attributes on function

If you call

    print attributes::get(\&func_a);

you'll get a list of all set attributes on that specific function:

    RUNNER(2)

=head2 Exports

The symbols MODIFY_CODE_ATTRIBUTES, FETCH_CODE_ATTRIBUTES and run get exported at compile time.

=head2 Notes / Additional Information

Note: If not defined the index 0 will be ignored, other not defined indexes will throw a warn message.
The output from the run-routine is stored in a array (list context) or in a single variable joined with "\n" (scalar context).

=head1 LICENSE

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=head1 AUTHOR

Stephan Wagner / PAUSE: STEWATWO

=cut

